OSDOCS-17013-bm-upi-3 (#103963)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-dhcp-or-static-ip-addresses.adoc

//
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/upi/installing-bare-metal.adoc
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/upi/installing-restricted-networks-bare-metal.adoc
// * installing/installing_bare_metal/upi/installing-bare-metal-network-customizations.adoc
// * installing/installing_platform_agnostic/installing-platform-agnostic.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_power/installing-ibm-power.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_power/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-power.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z-kvm.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-ibm-z-lpar.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-z.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-z-kvm.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_z/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-z-lpar.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_power/installing-ibm-power.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_power/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-power.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-dhcp-or-static-ip-addresses_{context}"]
= Configuring DHCP or static IP addresses

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure an IP address, either use DHCP (`ip=dhcp`) or set an individual static IP address (`ip=<host_ip>`). If setting a static IP, you must then identify the DNS server IP address (`nameserver=<dns_ip>`) on each node. The following example command sets:

Reviewer: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-parentheses

This guidance applies throughout.

> You can configure an IP address, either use DHCP (`ip=dhcp`) or set an individual static IP address (`ip=<host_ip>`). If setting a static IP, you must then identify the DNS server IP address (`nameserver=<dns_ip>`) on each node. The following example command sets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure an IP address by using either DHCP or an individual static IP address. If you set a static IP, you must then identify the DNS server IP address on each node. 
```
IDK, maybe use `.Example DHCP command` or something similar. Maybe find another way to describe the commands?

> The command in the procedure, updates the IP addresses for the following components:

Reviewer: I am having a hard time understanding this sentence.
